Replace mailing list promos on main content pages (#4573)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/train-to-be-a-teacher/if-you-dont-have-a-degree.md

    Explore life as a teacher : "/life-as-a-teacher"
    Funding your training : "/funding-and-support"
    Teach in further education without a degree : "https://www.teachinfurthereducation.education.gov.uk/"
calls_to_action:
  find:
    name: find
    arguments:
      title: "Find your undergraduate degree course"
      link_target: "https://digital.ucas.com/search"
      link_text: "Find undergraduate courses on the UCAS website"
cta_mailinglist:
  mailinglist:

>     text: Explore what teaching is really like, including how you can get experience in the classroom to find out if it's the career for you.

Reviewer: Again, is there a better way of wording this than `Explore`?

>     text: Explore what teaching is really like, including how you can get experience in the classroom to find out if it's the career for you.

Author: ```suggestion
    text: Get free guidance and support on getting into teaching, including learning more about what teaching is like.
```
